Final Project #1– Software Development Project Center    
due Last day of Class

Purpose:
You are a software developer and have been asked to develop a website and associated web service to support development activities for projects in your company.  The site is required to support recording and management of software requirements, work package descriptions, bug reports, and status reports.  The site will also provide a Wiki, used for communication between teams and also between developers and management.  You are also asked to provide a WCF-based service that supports client side application access to the data stored on this site, and two client applications that can create, modify, and delete bug reports and status reports. 

Requirements:
The requirements for this project are to provide:	
1.	A website that supports creating, modifying, and deleting software requirements, work package descriptions, bug reports, and status reports.
a.	Software requirements are stored in an SQL Server database, have an immutable number, title, date, and text statement.  Any requirement may also have an associated issues text statement
b.	All bug reports are stored in (the same) XML file, have an immutable number, title, date, issue text, and resolution text, which initially is blank.
c.	Status reports are stored in the SQL Server database, have an immutable number, title, date, work package reference, and status text.
d.	All text fields in requirements, work packages, bug reports, and status reports must support text of an open-ended size and views of that text should present the equivalent of several paragraphs to the user for both viewing and for modification.
2.	A WCF-based web service that provides create, review, update, and delete (CRUD) access for the bug and status reports.
3.	Two WPF client applications that use this service to support CRUD operations.
4.	A separate website that supports a Wiki intended to provide communication across a development project and also inter-team communication.
a.	Please provide a project wide section to which everyone has read access but only the project manager and team leaders have write access.
b.	Provide the ability for each team to create a section in the Wiki for the team.  All project members have read access, but only project members, including the team lead, have write access.
5.	You are required to implement one of these sites in Asp.Net and the other in Asp.Net MVC.
6.	Login access that forces a link to any page to verify that you are a valid user, by checking the current session to see if you are currently logged in, otherwise redirecting you to a login page.  You may  use the Asp.Net provided login code, Asp.Net MVC login code, or develop a user control for this that you will make part of every page.
7.	Your site shall use:
a.	Both SQL server database(s) and XML file(s), of your design, to store state of the site, as described above.
b.	Use LINQ to access state data.
c.	Either Silverlight or HTML5 for some parts of your site.
d.	Pages using each of the models: HTML with Javascript and CSS, Asp.Net, and Asp.Net MVC.  Note that you may use more than one project for your site.

You are expressly requested to refrain from using site editors like Dreamweaver, FrontPage, or other Web designers.  You may use any of the facilities of Visual Studio 2010 or any other text editor of your choosing.

For the final demo, you will be asked to host your site in IIS on your own machine and do all navigation via links provided on the pages of your site .

Please Note:
Part of your grade is based on designing a pleasing website to meet these requirements.  I will not specify the details of that design.  You must decide the visual aspects and details for each page.


